accountsservice                                 install
acl                                             install
acpid                                           install
adduser                                         install
apg                                             deinstall
apparmor                                        install
apport                                          install
apport-symptoms                                 install
apt                                             install
apt-transport-https                             install
apt-utils                                       install
apt-xapian-index                                install
aptdaemon                                       deinstall
aptitude                                        install
aptitude-common                                 install
aspell                                          install
aspell-en                                       install
at                                              install
at-spi2-core                                    install
avahi-daemon                                    install
base-files                                      install
base-passwd                                     install
bash                                            install
bash-completion                                 install
bc                                              install
bind9-host                                      install
binutils                                        install
biosdevname                                     install
bluez                                           deinstall
bsdmainutils                                    install
bsdutils                                        install
busybox-initramfs                               install
busybox-static                                  install
byobu                                           install
bzip2                                           install
ca-certificates                                 install
chromium-browser                                install
chromium-browser-l10n                           install
chromium-chromedriver                           install
chromium-codecs-ffmpeg-extra                    install
colord                                          install
command-not-found                               install
command-not-found-data                          install
console-setup                                   install
coreutils                                       install
cpio                                            install
cpp                                             install
cpp-4.8                                         install
cracklib-runtime                                deinstall
crda                                            install
cron                                            install
cups-pk-helper                                  deinstall
curl                                            install
dash                                            install
dbus                                            install
dbus-x11                                        install
dconf-gsettings-backend:amd64                   install
dconf-service                                   install
debconf                                         install
debconf-i18n                                    install
debianutils                                     install
desktop-file-utils                              install
dh-python                                       install
dialog                                          install
dictionaries-common                             install
diffutils                                       install
discover                                        install
discover-data                                   install
dmidecode                                       install
dmsetup                                         install
dnsmasq-base                                    deinstall
dnsutils                                        install
dosfstools                                      install
dpkg                                            install
e2fslibs:amd64                                  install
e2fsprogs                                       install
ed                                              install
eject                                           install
ethtool                                         install
evolution-data-server-online-accounts           deinstall
file                                            install
findutils                                       install
fontconfig                                      install
fontconfig-config                               install
fonts-dejavu-core                               install
fonts-ubuntu-font-family-console                install
friendly-recovery                               install
ftp                                             install
fuse                                            install
gawk                                            install
gcc-4.8-base:amd64                              install
gcc-4.9-base:amd64                              install
gconf-service                                   install
gconf-service-backend                           install
gconf2                                          deinstall
gconf2-common                                   install
gcr                                             install
gdisk                                           install
geoip-database                                  install
gettext-base                                    install
gir1.2-glib-2.0                                 install
glib-networking:amd64                           install
glib-networking-common                          install
glib-networking-services                        install
gnome-bluetooth                                 deinstall
gnome-keyring                                   install
gnome-menus                                     deinstall
gnome-power-manager                             deinstall
gnome-screensaver                               deinstall
gnome-user-share                                deinstall
gnupg                                           install
gpgv                                            install
grep                                            install
groff-base                                      install
grub-common                                     install
grub-gfxpayload-lists                           install
grub-pc                                         install
grub-pc-bin                                     install
grub2-common                                    install
gsettings-desktop-schemas                       install
gstreamer0.10-pulseaudio:amd64                  install
gvfs:amd64                                      install
gvfs-backends                                   install
gvfs-common                                     install
gvfs-daemons                                    install
gvfs-libs:amd64                                 install
gzip                                            install
hdparm                                          install
hicolor-icon-theme                              install
hostname                                        install
humanity-icon-theme                             deinstall
ibus                                            deinstall
ifupdown                                        install
im-config                                       deinstall
indicator-applet                                deinstall
indicator-application                           deinstall
indicator-bluetooth                             deinstall
indicator-datetime                              deinstall
indicator-messages                              deinstall
indicator-power                                 deinstall
indicator-session                               deinstall
indicator-sound                                 deinstall
info                                            install
init-system-helpers                             install
initramfs-tools                                 install
initramfs-tools-bin                             install
initscripts                                     install
insserv                                         install
install-info                                    install
installation-report                             install
iproute2                                        install
iptables                                        install
iputils-ping                                    install
iputils-tracepath                               install
irqbalance                                      install
isc-dhcp-client                                 install
isc-dhcp-common                                 install
iso-codes                                       install
kbd                                             install
keyboard-configuration                          install
klibc-utils                                     install
kmod                                            install
krb5-locales                                    install
landscape-common                                install
language-pack-en                                install
language-pack-en-base                           install
language-pack-gnome-en                          install
language-pack-gnome-en-base                     install
language-selector-common                        install
laptop-detect                                   install
less                                            install
libaa1:amd64                                    deinstall
libaccount-plugin-1.0-0                         deinstall
libaccount-plugin-generic-oauth                 deinstall
libaccounts-glib0:amd64                         deinstall
libaccounts-qt5-1                               deinstall
libaccountsservice0:amd64                       install
libacl1:amd64                                   install
libapparmor-perl                                install
libapparmor1:amd64                              install
libappindicator3-1                              deinstall
libapt-inst1.5:amd64                            install
libapt-pkg4.12:amd64                            install
libarchive-extract-perl                         install
libarchive13:amd64                              install
libasn1-8-heimdal:amd64                         install
libasound2:amd64                                install
libasound2-data                                 install
libasound2-plugins:amd64                        install
libaspell15                                     install
libasprintf0c2:amd64                            install
libasyncns0:amd64                               install
libatasmart4:amd64                              install
libatk-bridge2.0-0:amd64                        install
libatk1.0-0:amd64                               install
libatk1.0-data                                  install
libatspi2.0-0:amd64                             install
libattr1:amd64                                  install
libaudit-common                                 install
libaudit1:amd64                                 install
libavahi-client3:amd64                          install
libavahi-common-data:amd64                      install
libavahi-common3:amd64                          install
libavahi-core7:amd64                            install
libavahi-glib1:amd64                            install
libavc1394-0:amd64                              deinstall
libbind9-90                                     install
libblkid1:amd64                                 install
libbluetooth3:amd64                             install
libboost-iostreams1.54.0:amd64                  install
libbsd0:amd64                                   install
libbz2-1.0:amd64                                install
libc-bin                                        install
libc6:amd64                                     install
libcaca0:amd64                                  deinstall
libcairo-gobject2:amd64                         install
libcairo2:amd64                                 install
libcamel-1.2-45                                 deinstall
libcanberra-gtk3-0:amd64                        deinstall
libcanberra-pulse:amd64                         deinstall
libcanberra0:amd64                              deinstall
libcap-ng0                                      install
libcap2:amd64                                   install
libcap2-bin                                     install
libcdio-cdda1                                   install
libcdio-paranoia1                               install
libcdio13                                       install
libcdparanoia0:amd64                            deinstall
libcgmanager0:amd64                             install
libcheese-gtk23:amd64                           deinstall
libcheese7:amd64                                deinstall
libck-connector0:amd64                          install
libclass-accessor-perl                          install
libcloog-isl4:amd64                             install
libclutter-1.0-0:amd64                          deinstall
libclutter-gst-2.0-0:amd64                      deinstall
libclutter-gtk-1.0-0:amd64                      deinstall
libcogl-pango15:amd64                           deinstall
libcogl15:amd64                                 deinstall
libcolord1:amd64                                install
libcolorhug1:amd64                              install
libcomerr2:amd64                                install
libcrack2:amd64                                 deinstall
libcroco3:amd64                                 install
libcups2:amd64                                  install
libcurl3:amd64                                  install
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64                           install
libcwidget3                                     install
libdaemon0                                      install
libdatrie1:amd64                                install
libdb5.3:amd64                                  install
libdbus-1-3:amd64                               install
libdbus-glib-1-2:amd64                          install
libdbusmenu-glib4:amd64                         deinstall
libdbusmenu-gtk3-4:amd64                        deinstall
libdconf1:amd64                                 install
libdebconfclient0:amd64                         install
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64                        install
libdiscover2                                    install
libdns100                                       install
libdrm-intel1:amd64                             install
libdrm-nouveau2:amd64                           install
libdrm-radeon1:amd64                            install
libdrm2:amd64                                   install
libdumbnet1                                     install
libdv4:amd64                                    deinstall
libebackend-1.2-7                               deinstall
libebook-1.2-14                                 deinstall
libebook-contacts-1.2-0                         deinstall
libecal-1.2-16                                  deinstall
libedata-book-1.2-20                            deinstall
libedata-cal-1.2-23                             deinstall
libedataserver-1.2-18                           deinstall
libedit2:amd64                                  install
libegl1-mesa:amd64                              install
libegl1-mesa-drivers:amd64                      install
libelf1:amd64                                   install
libelfg0:amd64                                  deinstall
libenchant1c2a:amd64                            deinstall
libept1.4.12:amd64                              install
libestr0                                        install
libevent-2.0-5:amd64                            install
libexif12:amd64                                 install
libexpat1:amd64                                 install
libffi6:amd64                                   install
libfftw3-single3:amd64                          install
libfile-basedir-perl                            install
libfile-desktopentry-perl                       install
libfile-mimeinfo-perl                           install
libflac8:amd64                                  install
libfontconfig1:amd64                            install
libfontenc1:amd64                               install
libfreetype6:amd64                              install
libfribidi0:amd64                               install
libfs6:amd64                                    install
libfuse2:amd64                                  install
libgbm1:amd64                                   install
libgc1c2:amd64                                  install
libgcc1:amd64                                   install
libgck-1-0:amd64                                install
libgconf-2-4:amd64                              install
libgcr-3-common                                 install
libgcr-base-3-1:amd64                           install
libgcr-ui-3-1:amd64                             install
libgcrypt11:amd64                               install
libgd3:amd64                                    install
libgdata13                                      deinstall
libgdbm3:amd64                                  install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64                        install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common                         install
libgee2:amd64                                   deinstall
libgeoclue0:amd64                               deinstall
libgeoip1:amd64                                 install
libgif4:amd64                                   install
libgirepository-1.0-1                           install
libgl1-mesa-dri:amd64                           install
libgl1-mesa-glx:amd64                           install
libglamor0:amd64                                install
libglapi-mesa:amd64                             install
libgles2-mesa:amd64                             deinstall
libglib2.0-0:amd64                              install
libglib2.0-bin                                  deinstall
libglib2.0-data                                 install
libglu1-mesa:amd64                              install
libgmp10:amd64                                  install
libgnome-bluetooth11                            deinstall
libgnome-desktop-3-7                            deinstall
libgnome-keyring-common                         install
libgnome-keyring0:amd64                         install
libgnome-menu-3-0                               deinstall
libgnomekbd8                                    deinstall
libgnutls-openssl27:amd64                       install
libgnutls26:amd64                               install
libgoa-1.0-0b:amd64                             deinstall
libgomp1:amd64                                  install
libgpg-error0:amd64                             install
libgphoto2-6:amd64                              install
libgphoto2-l10n                                 install
libgphoto2-port10:amd64                         install
libgpm2:amd64                                   install
libgraphite2-3:amd64                            install
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64                          install
libgssapi3-heimdal:amd64                        install
libgstreamer-plugins-base0.10-0:amd64           install
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:amd64            deinstall
libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-0:amd64            deinstall
libgstreamer0.10-0:amd64                        install
libgstreamer1.0-0:amd64                         deinstall
libgtk-3-0:amd64                                install
libgtk-3-bin                                    install
libgtk-3-common                                 install
libgtk2.0-0:amd64                               install
libgtk2.0-bin                                   install
libgtk2.0-common                                install
libgtop2-7                                      deinstall
libgudev-1.0-0:amd64                            install
libgusb2:amd64                                  install
libgweather-3-6                                 deinstall
libharfbuzz-icu0:amd64                          deinstall
libharfbuzz0b:amd64                             install
libhcrypto4-heimdal:amd64                       install
libheimbase1-heimdal:amd64                      install
libheimntlm0-heimdal:amd64                      install
libhunspell-1.3-0:amd64                         deinstall
libhx509-5-heimdal:amd64                        install
libibus-1.0-5:amd64                             deinstall
libical1                                        deinstall
libice6:amd64                                   install
libicu52:amd64                                  install
libid3tag0                                      install
libidn11:amd64                                  install
libido3-0.1-0:amd64                             deinstall
libiec61883-0:amd64                             deinstall
libieee1284-3:amd64                             install
libimlib2                                       install
libimobiledevice4:amd64                         install
libindicator3-7                                 deinstall
libio-string-perl                               install
libisc95                                        install
libisccc90                                      install
libisccfg90                                     install
libisl10:amd64                                  install
libiw30:amd64                                   install
libjack-jackd2-0:amd64                          install
libjasper1:amd64                                install
libjavascriptcoregtk-3.0-0:amd64                deinstall
libjbig0:amd64                                  install
libjpeg-turbo8:amd64                            install
libjpeg8:amd64                                  install
libjson-c2:amd64                                install
libjson-glib-1.0-0:amd64                        deinstall
libjson0:amd64                                  install
libk5crypto3:amd64                              install
libkeyutils1:amd64                              install
libklibc                                        install
libkmod2:amd64                                  install
libkrb5-26-heimdal:amd64                        install
libkrb5-3:amd64                                 install
libkrb5support0:amd64                           install
liblcms2-2:amd64                                install
libldap-2.4-2:amd64                             install
libldb1:amd64                                   install
liblightdm-gobject-1-0                          deinstall
libllvm3.4:amd64                                install
liblocale-gettext-perl                          install
liblockfile-bin                                 install
liblockfile1:amd64                              install
liblog-message-simple-perl                      install
libltdl7:amd64                                  install
liblwres90                                      install
liblzma5:amd64                                  install
liblzo2-2:amd64                                 install
libmagic1:amd64                                 install
libmbim-glib0:amd64                             deinstall
libmm-glib0:amd64                               deinstall
libmnl0:amd64                                   deinstall
libmodule-pluggable-perl                        install
libmount1:amd64                                 install
libmpc3:amd64                                   install
libmpdec2:amd64                                 install
libmpfr4:amd64                                  install
libmtdev1:amd64                                 install
libmtp-common                                   install
libmtp-runtime                                  install
libmtp9:amd64                                   install
libncurses5:amd64                               install
libncursesw5:amd64                              install
libnetfilter-conntrack3:amd64                   deinstall
libnettle4:amd64                                install
libnewt0.52:amd64                               install
libnfnetlink0:amd64                             install
libnih-dbus1:amd64                              install
libnih1:amd64                                   install
libnl-3-200:amd64                               install
libnl-genl-3-200:amd64                          install
libnl-route-3-200:amd64                         deinstall
libnm-glib-vpn1                                 deinstall
libnm-glib4                                     deinstall
libnm-gtk0                                      deinstall
libnm-util2                                     deinstall
libnotify4:amd64                                deinstall
libnspr4:amd64                                  install
libnss-mdns:amd64                               install
libnss3:amd64                                   install
libnss3-nssdb                                   install
libntdb1:amd64                                  install
libnuma1:amd64                                  install
liboauth0:amd64                                 deinstall
libobrender29                                   install
libobt2                                         install
libogg0:amd64                                   install
libopenobex1                                    install
libopenvg1-mesa:amd64                           install
liborc-0.4-0:amd64                              install
libp11-kit-gnome-keyring:amd64                  install
libp11-kit0:amd64                               install
libpackagekit-glib2-16:amd64                    deinstall
libpam-cap:amd64                                install
libpam-gnome-keyring:amd64                      install
libpam-modules:amd64                            install
libpam-modules-bin                              install
libpam-runtime                                  install
libpam-systemd:amd64                            install
libpam0g:amd64                                  install
libpanel-applet-4-0                             deinstall
libpango-1.0-0:amd64                            install
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64                       install
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64                         install
libpangox-1.0-0:amd64                           deinstall
libpangoxft-1.0-0:amd64                         install
libparse-debianchangelog-perl                   install
libparted0debian1:amd64                         install
libpcap0.8:amd64                                install
libpci3:amd64                                   install
libpciaccess0:amd64                             install
libpcre3:amd64                                  install
libpcsclite1:amd64                              install
libpipeline1:amd64                              install
libpixman-1-0:amd64                             install
libplist1:amd64                                 install
libplymouth2:amd64                              install
libpng12-0:amd64                                install
libpod-latex-perl                               install
libpolkit-agent-1-0:amd64                       install
libpolkit-backend-1-0:amd64                     install
libpolkit-gobject-1-0:amd64                     install
libpopt0:amd64                                  install
libprocps3:amd64                                install
libproxy1:amd64                                 install
libpulse-mainloop-glib0:amd64                   deinstall
libpulse0:amd64                                 install
libpulsedsp:amd64                               install
libpwquality-common                             deinstall
libpwquality1:amd64                             deinstall
libpython-stdlib:amd64                          install
libpython2.7:amd64                              install
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64                      install
libpython2.7-stdlib:amd64                       install
libpython3-stdlib:amd64                         install
libpython3.4-minimal:amd64                      install
libpython3.4-stdlib:amd64                       install
libqmi-glib0:amd64                              deinstall
libqt5core5a:amd64                              deinstall
libqt5dbus5:amd64                               deinstall
libqt5gui5:amd64                                deinstall
libqt5network5:amd64                            deinstall
libqt5opengl5:amd64                             deinstall
libqt5positioning5:amd64                        deinstall
libqt5printsupport5:amd64                       deinstall
libqt5qml5:amd64                                deinstall
libqt5quick5:amd64                              deinstall
libqt5sensors5:amd64                            deinstall
libqt5sql5:amd64                                deinstall
libqt5test5:amd64                               deinstall
libqt5webkit5:amd64                             deinstall
libqt5widgets5:amd64                            deinstall
libqt5xml5:amd64                                deinstall
libraw1394-11:amd64                             deinstall
libreadline5:amd64                              install
libreadline6:amd64                              install
librest-0.7-0:amd64                             deinstall
libroken18-heimdal:amd64                        install
librsvg2-2:amd64                                install
librsvg2-common:amd64                           install
librtmp0:amd64                                  install
libsamplerate0:amd64                            install
libsane:amd64                                   install
libsane-common                                  install
libsasl2-2:amd64                                install
libsasl2-modules:amd64                          install
libsasl2-modules-db:amd64                       install
libsecret-1-0:amd64                             install
libsecret-common                                install
libselinux1:amd64                               install
libsemanage-common                              install
libsemanage1:amd64                              install
libsepol1:amd64                                 install
libshout3:amd64                                 deinstall
libsigc++-2.0-0c2a:amd64                        install
libsignon-extension1                            deinstall
libsignon-glib1                                 deinstall
libsignon-plugins-common1                       deinstall
libsignon-qt5-1                                 deinstall
libsigsegv2:amd64                               install
libslang2:amd64                                 install
libsm6:amd64                                    install
libsmbclient:amd64                              install
libsndfile1:amd64                               install
libsoup-gnome2.4-1:amd64                        deinstall
libsoup2.4-1:amd64                              install
libspeex1:amd64                                 deinstall
libspeexdsp1:amd64                              install
libspice-server1:amd64                          install
libsqlite3-0:amd64                              install
libss2:amd64                                    install
libssl1.0.0:amd64                               install
libstartup-notification0:amd64                  install
libstdc++6:amd64                                install
libsub-name-perl                                install
libsystemd-daemon0:amd64                        install
libsystemd-journal0:amd64                       deinstall
libsystemd-login0:amd64                         install
libtag1-vanilla:amd64                           deinstall
libtalloc2:amd64                                install
libtasn1-6:amd64                                install
libtdb1:amd64                                   install
libterm-ui-perl                                 install
libtevent0:amd64                                install
libtext-charwidth-perl                          install
libtext-iconv-perl                              install
libtext-soundex-perl                            install
libtext-wrapi18n-perl                           install
libthai-data                                    install
libthai0:amd64                                  install
libtheora0:amd64                                deinstall
libtiff5:amd64                                  install
libtimedate-perl                                install
libtimezonemap1                                 deinstall
libtinfo5:amd64                                 install
libtxc-dxtn-s2tc0:amd64                         install
libudev1:amd64                                  install
libudisks2-0:amd64                              install
libunistring0:amd64                             deinstall
libunity-control-center1                        deinstall
libupower-glib1:amd64                           deinstall
liburl-dispatcher1:amd64                        deinstall
libusb-0.1-4:amd64                              install
libusb-1.0-0:amd64                              install
libusbmuxd2                                     install
libustr-1.0-1:amd64                             install
libutempter0                                    install
libuuid1:amd64                                  install
libv4l-0:amd64                                  install
libv4lconvert0:amd64                            install
libvisual-0.4-0:amd64                           install
libvisual-0.4-plugins:amd64                     install
libvorbis0a:amd64                               install
libvorbisenc2:amd64                             install
libvorbisfile3:amd64                            deinstall
libvpx1:amd64                                   install
libwacom2:amd64                                 deinstall
libwavpack1:amd64                               deinstall
libwayland-client0:amd64                        install
libwayland-cursor0:amd64                        install
libwayland-egl1-mesa:amd64                      install
libwayland-server0:amd64                        install
libwbclient0:amd64                              install
libwebkitgtk-3.0-0:amd64                        deinstall
libwebp5:amd64                                  deinstall
libwind0-heimdal:amd64                          install
libwrap0:amd64                                  install
libx11-6:amd64                                  install
libx11-data                                     install
libx11-xcb1:amd64                               install
libxapian22                                     install
libxatracker2:amd64                             install
libxau6:amd64                                   install
libxaw7:amd64                                   install
libxcb-dri2-0:amd64                             install
libxcb-dri3-0:amd64                             install
libxcb-glx0:amd64                               install
libxcb-icccm4:amd64                             deinstall
libxcb-image0:amd64                             deinstall
libxcb-keysyms1:amd64                           deinstall
libxcb-present0:amd64                           install
libxcb-randr0:amd64                             deinstall
libxcb-render-util0:amd64                       deinstall
libxcb-render0:amd64                            install
libxcb-shape0:amd64                             install
libxcb-shm0:amd64                               install
libxcb-sync1:amd64                              install
libxcb-util0:amd64                              install
libxcb-xfixes0:amd64                            install
libxcb-xkb1:amd64                               deinstall
libxcb1:amd64                                   install
libxcomposite1:amd64                            install
libxcursor1:amd64                               install
libxdamage1:amd64                               install
libxdmcp6:amd64                                 install
libxext6:amd64                                  install
libxfixes3:amd64                                install
libxfont1:amd64                                 install
libxft2:amd64                                   install
libxi6:amd64                                    install
libxinerama1:amd64                              install
libxkbcommon-x11-0:amd64                        deinstall
libxkbcommon0:amd64                             install
libxkbfile1:amd64                               install
libxklavier16                                   deinstall
libxml2:amd64                                   install
libxmu6:amd64                                   install
libxmuu1:amd64                                  install
libxpm4:amd64                                   install
libxrandr2:amd64                                install
libxrender1:amd64                               install
libxshmfence1:amd64                             install
libxslt1.1:amd64                                deinstall
libxss1:amd64                                   install
libxt6:amd64                                    install
libxtables10                                    install
libxtst6:amd64                                  install
libxv1:amd64                                    install
libxvmc1:amd64                                  install
libxxf86dga1:amd64                              install
libxxf86vm1:amd64                               install
libyelp0                                        deinstall
lintian                                         deinstall
linux-firmware                                  install
linux-generic                                   install
linux-headers-3.13.0-45                         install
linux-headers-3.13.0-45-generic                 install
linux-headers-generic                           install
linux-image-3.13.0-45-generic                   install
linux-image-extra-3.13.0-45-generic             install
linux-image-generic                             install
locales                                         install
lockfile-progs                                  install
login                                           install
logrotate                                       install
lsb-base                                        install
lsb-release                                     install
lshw                                            install
lsof                                            install
ltrace                                          install
make                                            install
makedev                                         install
man-db                                          install
manpages                                        install
mawk                                            install
memtest86+                                      install
mime-support                                    install
mlocate                                         install
modemmanager                                    deinstall
module-init-tools                               install
mount                                           install
mountall                                        install
mtr-tiny                                        install
multiarch-support                               install
nano                                            install
ncurses-base                                    install
ncurses-bin                                     install
ncurses-term                                    install
net-tools                                       install
netbase                                         install
netcat-openbsd                                  install
network-manager                                 deinstall
network-manager-gnome                           deinstall
network-manager-pptp                            deinstall
notification-daemon                             deinstall
ntfs-3g                                         install
ntpdate                                         install
obconf                                          install
obex-data-server                                install
open-vm-tools                                   install
openbox                                         install
openssh-client                                  install
openssh-server                                  install
openssh-sftp-server                             install
openssl                                         install
os-prober                                       install
p11-kit                                         install
p11-kit-modules:amd64                           install
parted                                          install
passwd                                          install
patch                                           install
pbis-open                                       install
pbis-open-gui                                   install
pbis-open-upgrade                               install
pciutils                                        install
perl                                            install
perl-base                                       install
perl-modules                                    install
plymouth                                        install
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text                      install
policykit-1                                     install
policykit-1-gnome                               install
popularity-contest                              install
powermgmt-base                                  install
ppp                                             install
pppconfig                                       install
pppoeconf                                       install
pptp-linux                                      deinstall
procps                                          install
psmisc                                          install
pulseaudio                                      purge
pulseaudio-module-x11                           install
pulseaudio-utils                                install
python                                          install
python-apt                                      install
python-apt-common                               install
python-cairo                                    install
python-chardet                                  install
python-configobj                                install
python-cupshelpers                              deinstall
python-dbus                                     install
python-dbus-dev                                 install
python-debian                                   install
python-gdbm                                     install
python-gi                                       install
python-gobject                                  install
python-gobject-2                                install
python-gtk2                                     install
python-minimal                                  install
python-openssl                                  install
python-pam                                      install
python-pkg-resources                            install
python-requests                                 install
python-selenium                                 install
python-serial                                   install
python-six                                      install
python-talloc                                   install
python-twisted-bin                              install
python-twisted-core                             install
python-urllib3                                  install
python-xapian                                   install
python-xdg                                      install
python-zope.interface                           install
python2.7                                       install
python2.7-minimal                               install
python3                                         install
python3-apport                                  install
python3-apt                                     install
python3-aptdaemon.pkcompat                      deinstall
python3-commandnotfound                         install
python3-dbus                                    install
python3-distupgrade                             install
python3-gdbm:amd64                              install
python3-gi                                      install
python3-minimal                                 install
python3-newt                                    install
python3-problem-report                          install
python3-pycurl                                  install
python3-software-properties                     install
python3-update-manager                          install
python3.4                                       install
python3.4-minimal                               install
readline-common                                 install
resolvconf                                      install
rsync                                           install
rsyslog                                         install
rtkit                                           install
run-one                                         install
samba-libs:amd64                                install
screen                                          install
sed                                             install
sensible-utils                                  install
sgml-base                                       install
shared-mime-info                                install
signond                                         deinstall
software-properties-common                      install
ssh-import-id                                   install
strace                                          install
sudo                                            install
system-config-printer-common                    deinstall
system-config-printer-gnome                     deinstall
systemd-services                                install
systemd-shim                                    install
sysv-rc                                         install
sysvinit-utils                                  install
tar                                             install
tasksel                                         install
tasksel-data                                    install
tcpd                                            install
tcpdump                                         install
telnet                                          install
time                                            install
tmux                                            install
tor                                             install
tor-geoipdb                                     install
torsocks                                        install
tzdata                                          install
ubuntu-keyring                                  install
ubuntu-minimal                                  install
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core                    install
ubuntu-standard                                 install
ubuntu-system-service                           deinstall
ucf                                             install
udev                                            install
udisks2                                         install
ufw                                             install
unattended-upgrades                             install
unity-control-center                            deinstall
unity-greeter                                   deinstall
unity-settings-daemon                           deinstall
update-manager-core                             install
update-notifier-common                          install
upower                                          deinstall
upstart                                         install
ureadahead                                      install
usb-modeswitch                                  deinstall
usb-modeswitch-data                             deinstall
usbmuxd                                         install
usbutils                                        install
util-linux                                      install
uuid-runtime                                    install
vim                                             install
vim-common                                      install
vim-runtime                                     install
vim-tiny                                        install
w3m                                             install
wamerican                                       install
wbritish                                        install
wget                                            install
whiptail                                        install
whois                                           install
wireless-regdb                                  install
wireless-tools                                  install
wpasupplicant                                   install
x11-apps                                        install
x11-common                                      install
x11-session-utils                               install
x11-utils                                       install
x11-xfs-utils                                   install
x11-xkb-utils                                   install
x11-xserver-utils                               install
xauth                                           install
xbitmaps                                        install
xdg-utils                                       install
xdm                                             install
xfonts-base                                     install
xfonts-encodings                                install
xfonts-scalable                                 install
xfonts-utils                                    install
xinit                                           install
xinput                                          install
xkb-data                                        install
xml-core                                        install
xorg                                            install
xorg-docs-core                                  install
xserver-common                                  install
xserver-xorg                                    install
xserver-xorg-core                               install
xserver-xorg-input-all                          install
xserver-xorg-input-evdev                        install
xserver-xorg-input-mouse                        install
xserver-xorg-input-synaptics                    install
xserver-xorg-input-vmmouse                      install
xserver-xorg-input-wacom                        install
xserver-xorg-video-all                          install
xserver-xorg-video-ati                          install
xserver-xorg-video-cirrus                       install
xserver-xorg-video-fbdev                        install
xserver-xorg-video-glamoregl                    install
xserver-xorg-video-intel                        install
xserver-xorg-video-mach64                       install
xserver-xorg-video-mga                          install
xserver-xorg-video-modesetting                  install
xserver-xorg-video-neomagic                     install
xserver-xorg-video-nouveau                      install
xserver-xorg-video-openchrome                   install
xserver-xorg-video-qxl                          install
xserver-xorg-video-r128                         install
xserver-xorg-video-radeon                       install
xserver-xorg-video-s3                           install
xserver-xorg-video-savage                       install
xserver-xorg-video-siliconmotion                install
xserver-xorg-video-sis                          install
xserver-xorg-video-sisusb                       install
xserver-xorg-video-tdfx                         install
xserver-xorg-video-trident                      install
xserver-xorg-video-vesa                         install
xserver-xorg-video-vmware                       install
xterm                                           install
xz-utils                                        install
yelp                                            deinstall
zerofree                                        install
zlib1g:amd64                                    install
